README.md, before:

# sparkgeo: sparklyr extension package providing geospatial analytics capabilities

**sparkgeo** is a [sparklyr](https://spark.rstudio.com/) [extension](https://spark.rstudio.com/articles/guides-extensions.html) package providing an integration with [Magellan](https://github.com/harsha2010/magellan), a Spark package for  geospatial analytics on big data.

## Version Information

**sparkgeo** is under active development and has not been released yet to [CRAN](https://cran.r-project.org/). You can install the latest version through
``` r
devtools::install_github("miraisolutions/sparkgeo", ref = "develop")
```

## Example Usage

``` r
library(sparklyr)
library(sparkgeo)
library(dplyr)

# download geojson file containing NYC neighborhood polygon information
# (http://data.beta.nyc/dataset/pediacities-nyc-neighborhoods)
geojson_file <- "nyc_neighborhoods.geojson"
download.file("https://goo.gl/eu1yWN", geojson_file)

# start local Spark connection
config <- spark_config()
sc <- spark_connect(master = "local", config = config)

# register sparkgeo's Spark user-defined functions (UDFs)
sparkgeo_register_udfs(sc)

# import data from GeoJSON file into a Spark DataFrame
# and manipulate it with a dplyr pipeline
neighborhoods <-
  spark_read_geojson(
    sc = sc,
    name = "neighborhoods",
    path = geojson_file,
    memory = FALSE # don't load eagerly yet
  ) %>%
  mutate(neighborhood = metadata_string(metadata, "neighborhood")) %>%
  select(neighborhood, polygon, index) %>%
  sdf_persist()

museums.data <- 
  read.csv("https://data.cityofnewyork.us/api/views/fn6f-htvy/rows.csv?accessType=DOWNLOAD", stringsAsFactors = FALSE) %>%
  mutate(name = NAME, coordinates = sub("POINT \\((.+) (.+)\\)$", "\\1,\\2", the_geom)) %>%
  select(name, coordinates)

museums.coordinates <- data.frame(do.call('rbind', strsplit(museums.data$coordinates, split = ",", fixed = TRUE)))
names(museums.coordinates) <- c("longitude", "latitude")

museums.df <- cbind(museums.data, museums.coordinates) %>% select(name, latitude, longitude)

# Coordinates of some places in NYC
places.df <- data.frame(
  name = c("Statue of Liberty", "Columbia University", "The Metropolitan Museum of Art"),
  latitude = c(40.6892474, 40.814856, 40.77944365),
  longitude = c(-74.0445405280149, -73.9610162365099,-73.9633641138519),
  stringsAsFactors = FALSE)

# Create Spark DataFrame from local R data.frame
#places <- copy_to(sc, places.df, "places")
museums <- copy_to(sc, museums.df, "museums")

# Perform a spatial join to associate museum coordinates to
# corresponding neighborhoods, then show the top 5 neighborhoods
# in terms of number of museums
museums %>%
  spatial_join(neighborhoods, latitude, longitude, polygon) %>%
  select(name, neighborhood) %>%
  group_by(neighborhood) %>%
  summarize(num_museums = n()) %>%
  top_n(5) %>%
  collect()
```

Commit message:

Removed unused data from README

README.md, after:

# sparkgeo: sparklyr extension package providing geospatial analytics capabilities

**sparkgeo** is a [sparklyr](https://spark.rstudio.com/) [extension](https://spark.rstudio.com/articles/guides-extensions.html) package providing an integration with [Magellan](https://github.com/harsha2010/magellan), a Spark package for  geospatial analytics on big data.

## Version Information

**sparkgeo** is under active development and has not been released yet to [CRAN](https://cran.r-project.org/). You can install the latest version through
``` r
devtools::install_github("miraisolutions/sparkgeo", ref = "develop")
```

## Example Usage

``` r
library(sparklyr)
library(sparkgeo)
library(dplyr)

# download geojson file containing NYC neighborhood polygon information
# (http://data.beta.nyc/dataset/pediacities-nyc-neighborhoods)
geojson_file <- "nyc_neighborhoods.geojson"
download.file("https://goo.gl/eu1yWN", geojson_file)

# start local Spark connection
config <- spark_config()
sc <- spark_connect(master = "local", config = config)

# register sparkgeo's Spark user-defined functions (UDFs)
sparkgeo_register_udfs(sc)

# import data from GeoJSON file into a Spark DataFrame
# and manipulate it with a dplyr pipeline
neighborhoods <-
  spark_read_geojson(
    sc = sc,
    name = "neighborhoods",
    path = geojson_file,
    memory = FALSE # don't load eagerly yet
  ) %>%
  mutate(neighborhood = metadata_string(metadata, "neighborhood")) %>%
  select(neighborhood, polygon, index) %>%
  sdf_persist()

# Download and transform locations of New York City museums
# (https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/new-york-city-museums)
museums.data <- 
  read.csv("https://data.cityofnewyork.us/api/views/fn6f-htvy/rows.csv?accessType=DOWNLOAD", stringsAsFactors = FALSE) %>%
  mutate(name = NAME, coordinates = sub("POINT \\((.+) (.+)\\)$", "\\1,\\2", the_geom)) %>%
  select(name, coordinates)
museums.coordinates <- data.frame(do.call('rbind', strsplit(museums.data$coordinates, split = ",", fixed = TRUE)))
names(museums.coordinates) <- c("longitude", "latitude")
museums.df <- cbind(museums.data, museums.coordinates) %>% select(name, latitude, longitude)

# Create Spark DataFrame from local R data.frame
museums <- copy_to(sc, museums.df, "museums")

# Perform a spatial join to associate museum coordinates to
# corresponding neighborhoods, then show the top 5 neighborhoods
# in terms of number of museums
museums %>%
  spatial_join(neighborhoods, latitude, longitude, polygon) %>%
  select(name, neighborhood) %>%
  group_by(neighborhood) %>%
  summarize(num_museums = n()) %>%
  top_n(5) %>%
  collect()
```
